v10: Add version labels to articles in the Reference section (#4090)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Angular/index.md

Since Umbraco 7, the Umbraco backoffice has been built using AngularJS. The implementation is made up of many directives and services.

:::note
As of Umbraco 10, this section will no longer be updated.

Please refer to the auto-generated [API Documentation for the Umbraco backoffice](https://apidocs.umbraco.com/v9/ui) instead.

> If you have any questions regarding the above, feel free to reach out at docs@umbraco.com or raise an issue of the [offial UmbracoDocs GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions regarding the above, feel free to reach out at docs@umbraco.com or raise an issue on the [official UmbracoDocs GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/issues).
```
